applications: asset_tracker_v2: Default coredump storage to RAM (#8003)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/asset_tracker_v2/doc/debug_module.rst

 * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT`
 * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_NCS_PROJECT_KEY`

To get more detailed stack traces in coredumps sent to Memfault, you can increase the values of the following options:

 * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_RAM_BACKED_COREDUMP_SIZE`
 * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_COREDUMP_STACK_SIZE_TO_COLLECT`

> Coredumps are by default stored to RAM with retention, to enable storing to flash instead, configure the following options:
> 
>  * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_NCS_INTERNAL_FLASH_BACKED_COREDUMP` - Enable storing to flash.
>  * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_PARTITION_SIZE_MEMFAULT_STORAGE` - Size of the flash partition used to store coredumps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coredumps are by default stored to RAM with retention.
To enable storing to flash, configure the following options:

 * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_NCS_INTERNAL_FLASH_BACKED_COREDUMP` - To enable storing to flash.
 * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_PARTITION_SIZE_MEMFAULT_STORAGE` - To set the size of the coredumps storage flash partition.
```

 * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT`
 * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_NCS_PROJECT_KEY`

To get more detailed stack traces in coredumps sent to Memfault, you can increase the values of the following options:

 * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_RAM_BACKED_COREDUMP_SIZE`
 * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_COREDUMP_STACK_SIZE_TO_COLLECT`

> Coredumps are by default stored to RAM with retention.

Reviewer 2: Is it correct that we use RAM retention for this? I think the default is to put it in a .noinit section in RAM
